# Drink-Shamer
An app that helps you minimize drinking, or set your own goals for moderation. Set your monthly goals and track your progress, to include tracking how many calories you are consuming with your shameful habits. 
To use this app, start by setting your goal for the # of drinking days you will allow yourself to have per month. Then with each drink you have, simply log the drink and Drink Shamer will maintain a record of everything you've consumed. You can adjust your start date, and it will recalculate the statistics from the desired date without deleting any previous records. Note that a single "drinking session" is calculated from 6am on the given calendar day to 5:59am on the following calendar day. So if your bender starts at happy hour and lasts almost until sunrise, Drink Shamer will log that all under 1 session. But if you go past 5:59am and start your Tuesday morning with a bloody mary at 7am, then that drink will count as a new drinking session. 
Drink Shamer also tracks the total # of calories you have consumed through drinking since the set start date, as well as the average # of calories per drinking day. Punish yourself by going on the treadmill after each session and sweating out those calories. You can adjust the calories per drink at the bottom of the app. 
You can also view previous month's logs and either add drinks you might have forgotten to log but somehow didn't blackout the memory of consuming them, or even deleting previous records if the shame is too great to bare. 
Drink Shamer is not responsible for your bad choices. Only you can prevent forest fires. 
